hey for those of you who like to make
little characters with their phone Apple
you will be happy to know has recently
added more than 70 new emojis we now
have lobster a skateboard and a llama to
use which is great because before this
if you wanted to text a friend to tell
her you saw a llama eating lobster on a
skateboard you had to write it all out
so and there are a number of new
food-related emojis including a bagel
that's the bagel emoji there is a salt
emoji a lettuce emoji which will never
be used for lettuce and will exclusively
be used to communicate that you need
weed and they added a mooncake emoji I
guess this is a traditional holiday
dessert in China they have an emoji for
stuffed flatbread which is fine I guess
but I was looking through the food emoji
so you know what food they don't have an
emoji for meatballs
there's no meatball emoji which is nuts
and by the way they have two emojis for
nuts
not including donuts which is number
three so but to me if you made a list of
I don't know the top 20 top at least top
50 food items meatball would have to be
on it right and yet there are hundreds
of food emojis no meatball so we got in
touch with the people who actually
decide this kind of thing there's an
organization for real called the Unicode
emoji subcommittee it's a real group
that they will decide whether the emoji
is approved for consideration or nots
and I asked them to help me get the
meatball the emoji it so richly deserves
[Music]
hi how are you good Jimmy thanks for
having me
sit down okay I will thank you very much
for seeing me I'm here for a very
important reason I'm here to help
thank you what is it that you do would
you explain your position and job to me
I'm one of the vice chairs of the
unicode emoji subcommittee which helps
regulate emoji and I'm also a co-founder
of emoji nation whose motto is emoji by
the people for the people that's what I
need yes
so we're inclusive we try to make
inclusive and representative emoji so
let me ask you a question what shape is
the world
it's round mm-hmm glow can you think of
some other things that are round and
wonderful I mean a lot of balls play a
lot of sports balls are great what are
some of the best things to eat from my
opinion yeah I mean I grew up Chinese
Americans so same here
I mean generals house picking I think is
a dish so we got this what's that made
out of chicken it's chicken
no just the chicken itself what does
that mean out of chicken this like me me
it is true yes it is me you've already
right off the bat you've said you like
balls i like balls well no and then you
like meat
I do like me I think you like balls I'm
okay with balls I mean I am probably
more into like tetrahedrons I mean I
think there are other shapes that are
marked interesting to me yeah but
imagine we lived on a tetrahedron we'd
be falling
I mean I definitely appreciate the
sphere but I don't know that so I'm here
to ask you to consider the meatball
emoji okay have you thought about a
meatball emoji we have yeah I need they
said no they didn't say no but recently
we passed the falafel emoji
how did falafel make it in a head of
meatball I think part of this the sense
was there certain regions of the world
that are underrepresented but they all
have meatballs I don't know that well
luckily I do in China the meatball is
called juanzi
in Greece keV Teddy's in Mexico I'll ban
digas mm-hmm all right so this is you
guys what is this this is the new one
that's the falafel guy the waffle waffle
those kind of look like meatballs that
was really nice they look more like
cancerous polyps to me all right I know
I mean really they look like if you get
a meatball that looks like this you
should send it back because this
meatball has acne yeah no I mean we went
through like I mean like eight different
designs I put together a PowerPoint
presentation that sounds good okay the
meatball emoji what is a meatball meat
in the shape of a ball we've done some
market research on this these are people
who use emojis these are people who
enjoy meatballs you cross them over 93%
of the people of the world love both
emojis and meatballs I mean including
the vegetarians yeah
are any of these existing emojis more
useful than a meatball emoji the DJ
thing whatever this is satellite
satellites actually pretty good one but
yeah I'm not gonna not gonna go to the
mat to defendant third place so we get
rid of one of those so once an emoji
always an emoji so you can't like kick
emoji no spaghetti without meatballs
so if you want to say spaghetti and
meatballs hmm
I have to go spaghetti meat I feel like
they would understand I have to do three
for one meatball it's spaghetti and
meatball so you have to do three for how
do the vegetarians feel about this I
mean they don't have to use it exactly
yeah we passed eight that's one of ours
actually why is this so important
great question thank you for asking some
people never tried a meatball the emoji
might encourage them okay now I have a
story to tell you this is the story of a
young boy who never ate flan this young
boy found the flan emoji and he started
eating flan and guess what he loved it
and that boy grew up to be Harry Connick
jr. same thing could happen with
meatballs and some other kid you know
that's true
presenting the meatball emoji isn't it
glorious
um I think you had to remove the sauce
but we could I'm not married to the
sauce but the rest of it is seems pretty
good I mean it's a brown ball of food
yeah it's a brown ball of food that's
exactly right what more could you ever
want in life
rebound balls of food which is sort of
what the falafel emoji looks like will
you do me a favor
yes would you just say it aloud as voice
as possible oh hey meatball Hey
[Music]
by presenting the meatball emoji
that's his real body there's no padding
in there at all what do you think your
mom please mrs. emoji me boyo gee I want
to be an emoji honestly I mean I think I
know that you're I think I think you're
from Mexico there where we're working on
pinata emoji I mean if they're actually
a lot more pinata emoji Wow
I think pinata is probably more
important than meatball what do you
think no not unless that pinata is
filled with meatballs it isn't everybody
loves people Bondy gasps I was born
there guys yes thank you so much thank
you
it's an international appeal now yes yes
[Applause]
sending all the paperwork and now we
wait for the meatball emoji and perhaps
if we get that meatball oh gee my Nobel
Prize that's right thanks for watching
if you like that video click the
subscribe button and if you didn't like
it will you hurt my feelings